#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    make upgrade
#
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   kombu
asgiref==3.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
astroid==3.0.1
    # via
    #   pylint
    #   pylint-celery
backports-zoneinfo[tzdata]==0.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   backports-zoneinfo
    #   celery
    #   kombu
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pynacl
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-log
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-lint
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
click-log==0.4.0
    # via edx-lint
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
code-annotations==1.5.0
    # via edx-lint
coverage[toml]==7.3.2
    # via
    #   coverage
    #   pytest-cov
ddt==1.7.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
dill==0.3.7
    # via pylint
    # via
    #   -c https://raw.githubusercontent.com/edx/edx-lint/master/edx_lint/files/common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-crum
    #   django-waffle
    #   edx-django-utils
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
django-waffle==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
edx-django-utils==5.9.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-lint==5.3.6
    # via -r requirements/test.in
exceptiongroup==1.2.0
    # via pytest
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
isort==5.12.0
    # via pylint
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via code-annotations
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via jinja2
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via pylint
mock==5.1.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
newrelic==9.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
packaging==23.2
    # via pytest
pbr==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   stevedore
platformdirs==4.1.0
    # via pylint
pluggy==1.3.0
    # via pytest
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   click-repl
psutil==5.9.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pycodestyle==2.11.1
    # via -r requirements/test.in
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cffi
pylint==3.0.2
    # via
    #   edx-lint
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
    #   pylint-plugin-utils
pylint-celery==0.3
    # via edx-lint
pylint-django==2.5.5
    # via edx-lint
pylint-plugin-utils==0.8.2
    # via
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
pymongo==3.13.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pytest==7.4.3
    # via pytest-cov
pytest-cov==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
python-slugify==8.0.1
    # via code-annotations
pytz==2023.3.post1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via code-annotations
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-lint
    #   python-dateutil
sqlparse==0.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
stevedore==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   coverage
    #   pylint
    #   pytest
tomlkit==0.12.3
    # via pylint
typing-extensions==4.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   asgiref
    #   astroid
    #   kombu
    #   pylint
tzdata==2023.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   backports-zoneinfo
    #   celery
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
wcwidth==0.2.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   prompt-toolkit
